Redo office hours (#2327)
w3f/Grants-Program: README.md

- [Polkadot Space](https://matrix.to/#/#polkadot:web3.foundation)
- [Kusama Space](https://matrix.to/#/#kusama:web3.foundation)

### Ecosystem Funding Office Hours

Ecosystem Funding Office Hours are a chance to ask the W3F Ecosystem Funding team questions regarding a specific project or (potential) grant application. It offers

- general guidance regarding the various grants programs and prizes,
- some quick initial feedback and
- help how to navigate the ecosystem.

Apply for Office Hours if you

- want to find out what kind of support there might be available for your needs,
- need feedback before submitting an application or
- look for help finding other resources you might need.

> It is **not** a chance to _pitch_ your project, especially since only the various programs and prizes have different evaluation criteria and decision makers and only a small subset of the Grants team will participate in the call. To apply, please fill out the [Office Hours :alarm_clock: form](https://forms.gle/54xkiqU37WwdN9UR6). Be as specific as possible, so we can help you more quickly. We will get back to you with follow-up questions or a link for booking a timeslot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is **not** a chance to _pitch_ your project, especially since only the various programs and prizes have different evaluation criteria and decision makers and only a small subset of the W3F Ecosystem Funding team will participate in the call. To apply, please fill out the [Office Hours :alarm_clock: form](https://forms.gle/54xkiqU37WwdN9UR6). Be as specific as possible, so we can help you more quickly. We will get back to you with follow-up questions or a link for booking a timeslot.
```
